README.md, before:

## Emerging Technologies

### Repository for Emerging Technologies Module

### Author: Walter Regan, B.Sc.in Software Development

### Instructions

The purpose of this assessment is to ensure that you have achieved the learning outcomes
of the module while also providing you with sample work to show prospective employers.
<b />
The overall assessment is split into the three components as detailed below.
The percentages beside each bullet point indicate the weighting of that item in your
overall mark. Note, however, that the examiners’ overall impression of your submission
may override the individual weightings where deemed appropriate.
<b />

#### GitHub Repository

Create a GitHub repository containing two Jupyter notebooks – these are described further down.
<b />
**The repository should contain the following:**
10% A clear and informative README.md explaining:<b />

_Why the repository exists_ ...explain as to why have a github repository at all...

The repository contains two jupyter notebooks, sickit-learn and quantum-deutsch which demonstrate my continuing learning throughout the semester for the module Emerging Technologies. Each notebook contains examples that give an overview of their respective Python libraries.

The scikit-learn Python library.... This is achieved with the...

Demonstrations of at **least three interesting scikit-learn algorithms.**
You may choose these yourself, based on what is covered in class or otherwise.
Note that the demonstrations are at your discretion – you may choose to have an overall spread of examples across the library or pick a particular part that you find interesting.
10% Appropriate plots and other visualisations to enhance your notebook for viewers.

A clear and concise comparison of **quantum computing and classical computing**.
An explanation of **Deutsch’s algorithm and code simulating it using qiskit**.

<b />
*What is in it*
<b />
## How to run Notebooks
1. Download [Anaconda]().
2. Download [Cmder](https://cmder.net/), if on windows. It is portable console emulator for Windows.

### Using nvviewer to view your Jupyter notebooks

View the rendered scikit-learn notebook by clicking the nbviewer badge below:

[![nbviewer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg)](https://nbviewer.org/github/Walter64/EmergingTechnologies/blob/main/scikit-learn.ipynb)


View the rendered quantum-deutshe notebook by clicking the nbviewer badge below:

[![nbviewer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg)](https://nbviewer.org/github/Walter64/EmergingTechnologies/blob/main/quantum-deutsch.ipynb)

### To run scikit-Learn Jupyter Notebook
1. Download [Qiskit](https://qiskit.org/). ????
2. Run 'juypter lab' from the cmder console - must be in project folder

### To run quantum-deutsche Jupyter Notebook
1. Download []().
2. Run 'juypter lab' from the cmder console - must be in project folder

<b />
10% A Dockerfile and/or a docker-compose.yml file that enables someone to quickly run your notebooks with minimal configuration.
You should also include any other required files, such as a requirements.txt file, data files, and image files.
<b />

### About Cmder
Cmder is a software package created out of pure frustration over the absence of nice console emulators on Windows. It is based on amazing software, and spiced up with the Monokai color scheme and a custom prompt layout, looking sexy from the start.
**_Reference_** [Cmder](https://cmder.net/)

## About nbviewer


### About nbviewer badge
This is a svg image of a badge which, when surrounded by square brackets becomes a link to its corrosponding url.
**_Reference_** [nbviewer](https://github.com/jupyter/nbviewer/issues/714)

### Scikit-Learn Jupyter Notebook

**Include a Jupyter notebook called scikit-learn.ipynb that contains the following.**
10% A clear and concise overview of the scikit-learn Python library.
<b />
20% Demonstrations of at **least three interesting scikit-learn algorithms.**
You may choose these yourself, based on what is covered in class or otherwise.
Note that the demonstrations are at your discretion – you may choose to have an overall spread of examples across the library or pick a particular part that you find interesting.
10% Appropriate plots and other visualisations to enhance your notebook for viewers.
<b />

### Quantum Computing Jupyter Notebook

**Include a Jupyter notebook called quantum-deutsch.ipynb that contains the following.**
15% A clear and concise comparison of **quantum computing and classical computing**.
25% An explanation of **Deutsch’s algorithm and code simulating it using qiskit**.

Commit message:

Added the Binder badge for url to both notebooks in the README file

README.md, after:

## Emerging Technologies

### Repository for Emerging Technologies Module

### Author: Walter Regan, B.Sc.in Software Development

### Instructions

The purpose of this assessment is to ensure that you have achieved the learning outcomes
of the module while also providing you with sample work to show prospective employers.
<b />
The overall assessment is split into the three components as detailed below.
The percentages beside each bullet point indicate the weighting of that item in your
overall mark. Note, however, that the examiners’ overall impression of your submission
may override the individual weightings where deemed appropriate.
<b />

#### GitHub Repository

Create a GitHub repository containing two Jupyter notebooks – these are described further down.
<b />
**The repository should contain the following:**
10% A clear and informative README.md explaining:<b />

_Why the repository exists_ ...explain as to why have a github repository at all...

The repository contains two jupyter notebooks, sickit-learn and quantum-deutsch which demonstrate my continuing learning throughout the semester for the module Emerging Technologies. Each notebook contains examples that give an overview of their respective Python libraries.

The scikit-learn Python library.... This is achieved with the...

Demonstrations of at **least three interesting scikit-learn algorithms.**
You may choose these yourself, based on what is covered in class or otherwise.
Note that the demonstrations are at your discretion – you may choose to have an overall spread of examples across the library or pick a particular part that you find interesting.
10% Appropriate plots and other visualisations to enhance your notebook for viewers.

A clear and concise comparison of **quantum computing and classical computing**.
An explanation of **Deutsch’s algorithm and code simulating it using qiskit**.

<b />
*What is in it*
<b />
## How to run Notebooks
1. Download [Anaconda]().
2. Download [Cmder](https://cmder.net/), if on windows. It is portable console emulator for Windows.

### Using nvviewer to view your Jupyter notebooks

View the rendered scikit-learn notebook by clicking the nbviewer badge below:

[![nbviewer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg)](https://nbviewer.org/github/Walter64/EmergingTechnologies/blob/main/scikit-learn.ipynb)

View the rendered scikit-learn notebook in static form by clicking the nbviewer badge below:
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Walter64/EmergingTechnologies/HEAD?labpath=scikit-learn.ipynb)

View the rendered quantum-deutshe notebook by clicking the nbviewer badge below:

[![nbviewer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg)](https://nbviewer.org/github/Walter64/EmergingTechnologies/blob/main/quantum-deutsch.ipynb)

View the rendered quantum-deutshe notebook in dynamic form by clicking the nbviewer badge below:

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Walter64/EmergingTechnologies/HEAD?labpath=quantum-deutsch.ipynb)

### To run scikit-Learn Jupyter Notebook

1. Download [Qiskit](https://qiskit.org/). ????
2. Run 'juypter lab' from the cmder console - must be in project folder

### To run quantum-deutsche Jupyter Notebook

1. Download []().
2. Run 'juypter lab' from the cmder console - must be in project folder

<b />
10% A Dockerfile and/or a docker-compose.yml file that enables someone to quickly run your notebooks with minimal configuration.
You should also include any other required files, such as a requirements.txt file, data files, and image files.
<b />

### About Cmder

Cmder is a software package created out of pure frustration over the absence of nice console emulators on Windows. It is based on amazing software, and spiced up with the Monokai color scheme and a custom prompt layout, looking sexy from the start.
**_Reference_** [Cmder](https://cmder.net/)

## About nbviewer

### About nbviewer badge

This is a svg image of a badge which, when surrounded by square brackets becomes a link to its corrosponding url.
**_Reference_** [nbviewer](https://github.com/jupyter/nbviewer/issues/714)

### Scikit-Learn Jupyter Notebook

**Include a Jupyter notebook called scikit-learn.ipynb that contains the following.**
10% A clear and concise overview of the scikit-learn Python library.
<b />
20% Demonstrations of at **least three interesting scikit-learn algorithms.**
You may choose these yourself, based on what is covered in class or otherwise.
Note that the demonstrations are at your discretion – you may choose to have an overall spread of examples across the library or pick a particular part that you find interesting.
10% Appropriate plots and other visualisations to enhance your notebook for viewers.
<b />

### Quantum Computing Jupyter Notebook

**Include a Jupyter notebook called quantum-deutsch.ipynb that contains the following.**
15% A clear and concise comparison of **quantum computing and classical computing**.
25% An explanation of **Deutsch’s algorithm and code simulating it using qiskit**.
